come on Peter yes you're soon
[Music]
it's heartening to see so many strange
noona faces here today I know my mom
would be very touched and probably a
little suspicious my mother was a very
secretive and private woman that's
grandma you know you were her favorite
at the rain even when he were a little
baby she would let me feed you because
she needed to feed you she was a very
difficult woman which maybe explains
means I recognize you from your mother
what sometimes I swear I can feel them
in the room she isn't gone
she had private rituals private friends
take care of me
you don't think I'm gonna take care of
you but when you die
she wasn't altogether there at the end
I don't like this dad I don't like this
raise your voices I
I just don't want to put any more stress
on my family